README.md, before:

As a **computer systems enthusiast**, I'm interested in **scalable and robust systems**. My primary focus includes:  
- **High-Performance & Parallel Computing** (CUDA, OpenMP)
- **Systems Optimization** for advanced AI workloads  
- **Operating Systems Development**
- **Cloud Infrastructure** (Kubernetes, Docker, <a href="https://aws.amazon.com/" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">AWS</a>)
- **Database Systems** (Cloud-native Streaming Databases)
- **Distributed Training** 
- **ML Frameworks** (Spark, <a href="https://pytorch.org/" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">PyTorch</a>, <a href="https://www.tensorflow.org/" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">TensorFlow</a>)
---

## 🏆 **Notable Achievements**  
- 🗣️ **Self-taught English in 3 months and passed the TOEFL exam for U.S undergrad admission**  
- 🎓 **Completed a Bachelor's in Computer Science at the <a href="https://www.uri.edu/" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">University of Rhode Island</a> in 2 years**
- 🚪 **Admitted to Georgia Tech Master’s program after just 1 year of undergraduate CS at URI.**
- 🎓 **Earned a Master's in Computer Science (Systems specialization) from <a href="https://www.cc.gatech.edu/" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">Georgia Tech</a> in just 1 year**
- 🏗️ **Solo built apps on App Store and Play Store** with hundreds of active users, such as: **<a href="https://sladow.com" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">Sladow</a>**, **<a href="https://apps.apple.com/us/app/slad/id6743825305" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">Slad</a>**, **<a href="https://youbikam.com" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">YoubiKam</a>**, **<a href="https://maskofjanus.com/tosher/redirect" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">Tosher</a>**, **<a href="https://offtale.com" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">Offtale</a>**
- 🍎 **I work at Apple as an Engineer. I work on AI/ML, Distributed Systems and Data curation**
---

<table width="100%">
  <thead>
    <tr>
      <th style="text-align: left; padding-right: 50px;">💻 Tech Stack &amp; Favorite Tools</th>
      <th style="text-align: left;">🏀 Beyond Coding</th>
    </tr>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr>❤️
      <td valign="top"> 
        <strong>Languages</strong><br>
        • 🦀 <strong>Rust</strong> (Top Favorite)<br>
        • ⚡ C/C++<br>
        •&nbsp;🐍&nbsp;Python<br>
        • 🖥️ Shell in Linux Environment ............................<br>
      </td>
      <td valign="top">
        • <strong>Playing basketball</strong> 🏀<br>
        • <strong>Watching anime</strong> 🎥<br>
        • <strong>Building new things and Entrepeneurship</strong>❤️<br>
        •&nbsp;<strong>Video&nbsp;games</strong>&nbsp;🎮&nbsp;(Favorite&nbsp;genres:&nbsp;Strategy,&nbsp;RPG,&nbsp;Open&nbsp;World)
      </td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>

---

Commit message:

Revise README with updated career information
Updated personal introduction and notable achievements.

README.md, after:

## 🏆 **Notable Achievements**  
- 🗣️ **Self-taught English in 3 months and passed the TOEFL exam for U.S undergrad admission**  
- 🎓 **Completed a Bachelor's in Computer Science at the <a href="https://www.uri.edu/" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">University of Rhode Island</a> in 2 years**
- 🚪 **Admitted to Georgia Tech Master’s program after just 1 year of undergraduate CS at URI.**
- 🎓 **Earned a Master's in Computer Science (Systems specialization) from <a href="https://www.cc.gatech.edu/" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">Georgia Tech</a> in just 1 year**
- 🏗️ **Solo built apps on App Store and Play Store** with hundreds of active users, such as: **<a href="https://sladow.com" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">Sladow</a>**, **<a href="https://apps.apple.com/us/app/slad/id6743825305" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">Slad</a>**, **<a href="https://youbikam.com" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">YoubiKam</a>**, **<a href="https://maskofjanus.com/tosher/redirect" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">Tosher</a>**, **<a href="https://offtale.com" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">Offtale</a>**
- 🍎 **I work remotely at Apple as an Engineer, I work on AI / ML, distributed systems, high performance computing and data curation engineering**
- 🍎 **3 months in, I was selected as the DRI (Directly Responsible Individual) for the full scope of responsibilities previously handled by a high-profile 15-year Apple software engineer publicly associated with figures such as Elon Musk, Sam Altman, and MrBeast.**
---

<table width="100%">
  <thead>
    <tr>
      <th style="text-align: left; padding-right: 50px;">💻 Tech Stack &amp; Favorite Tools</th>
      <th style="text-align: left;">🏀 Beyond Coding</th>
    </tr>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr>❤️
      <td valign="top"> 
        <strong>Languages</strong><br>
        • 🦀 <strong>Rust</strong> (Top Favorite)<br>
        • ⚡ C/C++<br>
        •&nbsp;🐍&nbsp;Python<br>
        • 🖥️ Shell in Linux Environment ............................<br>
      </td>
      <td valign="top">
        • <strong>Playing basketball</strong> 🏀<br>
        • <strong>Watching anime</strong> 🎥<br>
        • <strong>Building new things and Entrepeneurship</strong>❤️<br>
        •&nbsp;<strong>Video&nbsp;games</strong>&nbsp;🎮&nbsp;(Favorite&nbsp;genres:&nbsp;Strategy,&nbsp;RPG,&nbsp;Open&nbsp;World)
      </td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>

---
